[Music]
hi
it's agatha welcome or welcome back to
my channel and for this video i am going
to do
another makeup comparison review but
it's going to be a
lip product edition so lippy edition
so these are the glossy or dewy tints
that the local brands released
last year in on 2020. i noticed said
that
last year there were a lot of products
that released
yuma glossy thins or moisturizing
thins so i gathered yum four i have four
dito and chillah
type of product i bought all of them
it's a shoppie
i want to make a quick disclaimer before
this video starts because i am not
in any way trying to conclude that this
product is better than the other one or
that
or you should only support this product
or this brand
it's not my intention i'm just going to
share with you
my opinions and my thoughts about these
products and i know that this can be a
big help
to those viewers out there or those
people who are
finding kong ano talagayong masulet
out of all the four lipsticks that i'm
going lippies or lip product that i'm
going to
share with you in this video susanna
help
video and without further ado let's get
started
i'm going to show you guys the lip
products that i am going to feature in
this video
so i got four so this is the sunny slip
treat
young silk is now strokes beauty lab
generation happy skin piston bloom
glossy tint
and the vice go bt 21 to me pin so let's
start off with the sunny slip treat
so this has six shades i got the shade
juice but they also
offer a variety of shades so mary salaam
jellyfish
chill sakura juice poppy and chai
this product claims to be a healthy
sheer lip glow
and based on the website nela and
baba saying about the product this sunny
sleep treat is a lip care with a wash of
color
the buttery formula instantly
moisturizes and melts into your lips
in one swipe formulated with shea butter
and collagen
the balmy texture plumps and soften your
lips the shade that i got is in juice
and it is described as the berry rose
shade next we have happy skin
this is the generation happy skin
kissing bloom glossy tint and this is
what i am wearing right now
so they also have six shades but
originally no first nilang nilon
they offered only two shades which is
this one
in crimson and tan and then recently
about months ago
long they released four new shades which
are
sunny bud calm and blossom so this is
what i am wearing right now this is in
the shade
crimson yes and the product claims to be
a vivid opaque color with the luscious
lustrous finish for a unique take on the
glossy lippies
it is a creamy gel tint so union claims
no product
next we have here device visco bt 21
dewey tint and i got the shade fresh
nude but they offer four shades
which are rosy pink merry mauve and
brick red
so this is the lightest shade and this
product claims to be an informative
formula
that will give you the experience of a
lightweight and staining tint
fused with a dewy finish of a gloss
pyres the lips
extra juicy and fresh and glowing all
day
this shade right here which is fresh
nude is the peachy pink nude shade
that is perfect for natural everyday
looks
last we have here the silk kiss from
strokes beauty lab and i got the shade
passionate peach but they also offer
five
other shades or four other shades
because they impound five
so they have marionette pink misty
amethyst
very berry and tempting red so this
product claims to be a weightless
buildable
sheer tint lip oil that leaves a long
lasting crystalline finish
and a mentholated feel its oil component
is absorbed by the lips
and the luminous splash of color and the
glimmer of gloss remains so this
is infused with revidrate reviedrate
bhagawsa akhanyung term a groundbreaking
ingredient
which recreates skin's own natural
moisture
for all day inside and out lip hydration
to improve
overall lip texture and its methylated
formula
cools fills and plumps the lips so this
shade that i got which is in passionate
peach
is an everyday peach color i have here
five categories
packaging price quality and performance
scent and availability let's start off
with the packaging
i'll first go with the sunny slip tweet
this is the typical sunniest aesthetic
young minimalist sunny's packaging allah
you may not
emboss here in the sunny's face and then
the lip color and the lip shade right
here
so it's the typical but it's not the
same as the fluff mat
this is a matte finish yo it's a fluff
mat but it thought it's
glossy it's sleek it's small and it's
very
um convenient
very easy to apply next is the happy
skin
and what i can say is that it's the same
color as their previous stints which
i also have you need a glossy tint at
the same
this is lighter again it's not
really the same yeah i can say that it
is the girly version of sonny's as you
can see
minimalist girly version
and then for the vice go bt 21
and yeah
[Music]
for the silk kiss from strokes beauty
lab it's a unique
kind of packaging
it looks like a capsule your medicine
capsule
and i like it because it has a mantra or
an affirmation
so this shade is passionate peach that's
really good but i am passionate
which i like and it's also small and
sleek for the packaging i will go
for the strokes beauty labness silk case
because it's unique and it's not that
common
now let's move on to the price and the
net weight of each product first let's
start off with the sunny slip treat
this is for 395 pesos and you get
2.8 grams out of all the four atoms
[Music]
now let's move on to the second one
which is the happy skin
kissing bloom glossy tint this is for
349 pesos
and the net weight of this one is 6ml i
think
it's very nice for you to try this one
because
it's new in the market
like dewey thins the pigmented in the
in the market and the formula of this
one is very new
because a creamy gel densha the third
one
is the vice co bd21 dewy tint
and i can say affordable
this one is for only 195
pesos and the last time i checked on
sales
website nela for only 155
pesos okay but it's worth the try
solution because you get
3.8 ml of the product for only one
hundred ninety five
no nagano london price range now
visco affordable sideshow
last would be the strokes beauty lab you
still
kiss is for only 348
pesos so in price range
[Music]
and then the next one would be this and
then
your happy skin the last one is the
sunnis
lip treat so for me this is something
new
as well as the formula name sila it's
worth the try
though i can't speak entirely for it
because
lip gloss offering
makeup artist na same
kind of the same performance nina
mansella
so if you want to try most affordable
version
no manga lip gloss i think you will like
this one
net weight of this one is 2.8 ml so to
conclude anub talagayan worth the try
based on the price
the net weight for me it's the strokes
beauty lab silk kiss
and the dewey tint from bicycle case
affordable sila la luna 195 long and 348
it's something new in the market and if
you want to try it
[Music]
under 200 long let's move on to the
quality
and performance of each product
first let's start off again with the
sunny's lip treat
so again this one i've tried all of it
na yumanga products nato
so for this product it's really
moisturizing and hydrating
though i can feel namabikacha mainly
because my moisturizing affection
not body damage on the lips because
[Music]
it's a bomb type of lippy and
more of a lip balm and if you want to
try
your more lip balms sheer coverage
or sheer tints it this one is a good try
because the shade range is really nice
because they offer
a variety of shades of lip balms let's
say we all know not
unusual
and the clear ones so if you want marina
sidekick
you can use yum chai or chill or if you
want
yum super mlb in a lip balm
then you go try this shade and the
sakura one
but for me if you want to purchase or if
you want to try it on product nato
don't go for the clear lip balm and
jellyfish
[Music]
and it's very moisturizing the man i can
see
for me this is more of a creamy
moisturizing tint
rather than a glossy tint as you can see
my glossary
[Music]
glossy so for me it's a creamy tint
in the manufacture creamy gel tint so
creamy moisturizing tent
and the pancetta magenta formula
lips and super drying
[Music]
but it's again moisturizing and
hydrating hindi no
drying at all and
they offer a variety of shades ear
coverage
long so it's the same with my go-to
tint which is from vanilla co but this
one is the affordable version that's an
affordable version
don't want to shear lip tint
then you gotta try this or the other
shades
i cannot speak for the other shades
of light for me as a lip topper
lipsticks last one is the stroke silk
kiss
and for me this is more of a
lip therapy product
moisturizing and it has a product claims
the mentholated
[Music]
this shade can be used as a lip gloss
too so brown high shine yeah
let's head on to the scent so this one
doesn't have a scent at all
for the happy skin meringue
really is
[Music]
silk kiss this one smells like melon as
in melon juice for the scent i'm pina ha
gusto
is the happy skin
[Music]
though
i ordered it at the same time i
recommend called this one the generation
happy skin case in bloom glossy tint
because it's really nice and i feel like
it totally
opens something new in the market
creamy gelatin for only 349
pesos and the shade range is also nice
yeah so i think being a hammer recommend
so that concludes our video for today i
hope you guys enjoyed this video
like and subscribe to my channel if you
want to see more of me
and if you do have some suggestions
leave them down below
okay i'll see you on the next one bye